README.md, before:

[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/frolvlad/alpine-glibc.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/frolvlad/alpine-glibc/)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/frolvlad/alpine-glibc.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/frolvlad/alpine-glibc/)


Alpine GNU C library (glibc) Docker image
=========================================

This image is based on Alpine Linux image, which is only a 5MB image, and contains glibc to enable
proprietary projects compiled against glibc (e.g. OracleJDK, Anaconda) work on Alpine.

This image includes some quirks to make glibc work side by side with musl libc (default in Apline).

Total size of this image is only:

[![](https://badge.imagelayers.io/frolvlad/alpine-glibc:latest.svg)](https://imagelayers.io/?images=frolvlad/alpine-glibc:latest 'Get your own badge on imagelayers.io')

Usage Example
-------------

This image is intended to be a base image for your projects, so you may use it like this:

```Dockerfile
FROM frolvlad/alpine-glibc

COPY ./my_app /usr/local/bin/my_app
```

```sh
$ docker build -t my_app .
```

There are already several images using this image, so you can refer to them as usage examples:

* [`frolvlad/alpine-oraclejdk8`](https://hub.docker.com/r/frolvlad/alpine-oraclejdk8/) ([github](https://github.com/frol/docker-alpine-oraclejdk8))
* [`frolvlad/alpine-mono`](https://hub.docker.com/r/frolvlad/alpine-mono/) ([github](https://github.com/frol/docker-alpine-mono))

Commit message:

[README] Added a link to Andy Shinn's alpine-pkg-glibc repo

README.md, after:

[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/frolvlad/alpine-glibc.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/frolvlad/alpine-glibc/)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/frolvlad/alpine-glibc.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/frolvlad/alpine-glibc/)


Alpine GNU C library (glibc) Docker image
=========================================

This image is based on Alpine Linux image, which is only a 5MB image, and contains glibc to enable
proprietary projects compiled against glibc (e.g. OracleJDK, Anaconda) work on Alpine.

This image includes some quirks to make [glibc](https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/) work side by
side with musl libc (default in Apline Linux). glibc packages for Alpine Linux are prepared by
[Andy Shinn](https://github.com/andyshinn) and the releases are published in
[andyshinn/alpine-pkg-glibc](https://github.com/andyshinn/alpine-pkg-glibc) github repo.

Total size of this image is only:

[![](https://badge.imagelayers.io/frolvlad/alpine-glibc:latest.svg)](https://imagelayers.io/?images=frolvlad/alpine-glibc:latest 'Get your own badge on imagelayers.io')

Usage Example
-------------

This image is intended to be a base image for your projects, so you may use it like this:

```Dockerfile
FROM frolvlad/alpine-glibc

COPY ./my_app /usr/local/bin/my_app
```

```sh
$ docker build -t my_app .
```

There are already several images using this image, so you can refer to them as usage examples:

* [`frolvlad/alpine-oraclejdk8`](https://hub.docker.com/r/frolvlad/alpine-oraclejdk8/) ([github](https://github.com/frol/docker-alpine-oraclejdk8))
* [`frolvlad/alpine-mono`](https://hub.docker.com/r/frolvlad/alpine-mono/) ([github](https://github.com/frol/docker-alpine-mono))
